by the way the last one after we kill
the last one
the final one left will enrage correct
so we'll need all heels before if anyone
if you want battle res purple diamond
who's down now we're fine are working
away alright we're gonna save it for
healing work should be good guys ready
let's get ready to keep peels on on grim
Faust big time
Hanuman all right let's do it guys right
here
magic reflection is up
sweet
very good job job now okay hi
hammer time maybe hammer time everybody
said everybody please please stay away
do not open that chair and they are away
from that chest everybody get away get
away
Darian quitter you're hedging that chest
not just doing it I'd kill up oh my gosh
just ninja Pio defeat again she kicked
boots boot him now left dude what the
fuck you dissing transition champ what
okay sorry about that guys there's
always doing ours such a nice watch out
two on two out two you know guys I'm
sorry about that you know unfortunately
as the guild grows is hard to eat all
the freakin jerks out okay you'll never
be invited to edge of Honor again dude I
want to kill this motherfucker every
guild in fucking know oh my god just let
me fucking kill no I got piece of shit
yeah yeah channel everybody guys